Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Who is Hoang Dang, here? Step out.
Head of the Music Club: Minh Lam - Class 11D
I'm Hoang Dang
Head of the Basketball Club: Hoang Dang - Class 12A
Why did you do that?
I hate the one who points in front of my face best.
What did I do with you?
I ask you
You are the one who asked the administrators
for increasing the budget for your club, right?
Yes, what next?
You are still asking about the next thing?
Because of your bullshit request,
The administrators have cut all the spendings for our club.
You see the thing that you have done is ok?
Baby,
That thing becomes from your club
You don't have any special activities, that you are right to be cut spendings
Subhead of the Basketball Club: Bao Long - Class 12A
You say that to hear it?
Both of asketball and music are the most excellent clubs in the school.
If cut the spending of this side to pay for other side
Then please asking that how can we do?
Subhead of Music Club: Tuan Dung - Class 11D
You guys think
I care about what will go on with your club like that?
Our basketball club is still the best
You say that to hear it?
You...
Episode 1 | Clubs war
Mrs Ngoc - Hoang Dang's mother
Thanh Thanh - a domestic in Hoang Dang's house, also a gay fandom
Baby, babe, my baby
My god, you are still sleeping this time.
Wake up and go to school, dear.
Let me sleep more, it's still early, please.
What is early? It's half past eight already.
It's only 8:30 that you wake me up?
8:30 is the second class in the school already. What is early?
Well?
It's half past eight already mom?
Yes, 8:30, you are late.
My god, I am dead, mommy.
I'm very late, mommy.
Why didn't you wake me up earlier?
I have woken you up for a long time.
My god, you throw the cushion make my lipstick seems like floating.
Mrs Lan - Minh Lam's mother
Too tired
Hey, what do we study, today?
It's Litterature.
But you....
You are always late like that, I won't cover about it anymore.
Yes, I know.
I won't be late next time.
Oh I forget it,
Huh?
The administrators called us to the meeting, this morning.
Uh.
If I had gone, It would have been out that you are late.
So I told Quan to help you go to the meeting.
You're truly my friend.
Hey, I'm hungry now, let's go to eat.
No, I don't wanna go
Go please....
No, I'm sleeping
Go please, go and eat, go with me.
Go.
Oppa, I have bought you a can of Mirinda here.
Thanks.
There is nothing hot but they act too gruesome.
Because he is very handsome and plays basketball very good.
The girls do lined up strongly is right.
Forget whoever likes him.
As long as that girl doesn't like, it's enough.
Hey
Lam
Lam Lam
It's hurt, guy.
Lâm, Lâm, emergency, emergency.
Quân, what is going with you?
Why do you still your hasty disability like that?
Money, money losing, basketball club.
What are you talking?
Calm down and talk it kindly, guy.
That fucking guy asked the school administrator
for cutting the spending of our music club.
They use it for their club to organize the tournament.
Member of the Music Club: Hoang Quan - The youngest club's member - Class 10A
What?
Damn it...
Today, I must solve this thing clearly.
Hey, no, keep calm first
Let's discuss together now
Then It's still not late for meeting them, right?
Let's go up to class, Lam
Go.
That guy told the administrator
to cut off our spending
For basketball to make a tournament.
Damn this guy.
Today, I have to solve this thing clearly.